README.md, before:

# Project-movies
### Data science project of predicting box office gross with movie reviews
  
This project aims to find the correlation between movie box office gross and movie reviews (from Amazon). Various features from the movie reviews are extracted, including: average review score, review length, review sentiment score and number of reviews. Models are fitted and used to project box office gross.  
  
This project is done in R.  
  
#### Data source:
Movie box office: [Box Office Mojo](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/daily/?view=bymovie&yr=all&sort=title&order=ASC&p=.htm)  
Movie reviews (from Amazon): [Dr. Julian McAuley's Amazon product data](http://jmcauley.ucsd.edu/data/amazon/)  
Reference:  
*Image-based recommendations on styles and substitutes*; J. McAuley, C. Targett, J. Shi, A. van den Hengel; *SIGIR*, 2015  
*Inferring networks of substitutable and complementary products*; J. McAuley, R. Pandey, J. Leskovec; *Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining*, 2015  
Inflation rate: [US Inflation Calculator](http://www.usinflationcalculator.com/inflation/historical-inflation-rates/)

Commit message:

Update README.md with report link

README.md, after:

# Project-movies
### Data science project of predicting box office gross with movie reviews
  
This project aims to find the correlation between movie box office gross and movie reviews (from Amazon). Various features from the movie reviews are extracted, including: average review score, review length, review sentiment score and number of reviews. Models are fitted and used to project box office gross.  
  
A report detailing the analysis done in this project can be found [here](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/janie128/Project-movies/blob/master/Box_Office_Predictions.ipynb)
  
This project is done in R.  
  
#### Data source:
Movie box office: [Box Office Mojo](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/daily/?view=bymovie&yr=all&sort=title&order=ASC&p=.htm)  
Movie reviews (from Amazon): [Dr. Julian McAuley's Amazon product data](http://jmcauley.ucsd.edu/data/amazon/)  
Reference:  
*Image-based recommendations on styles and substitutes*; J. McAuley, C. Targett, J. Shi, A. van den Hengel; *SIGIR*, 2015  
*Inferring networks of substitutable and complementary products*; J. McAuley, R. Pandey, J. Leskovec; *Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining*, 2015  
Inflation rate: [US Inflation Calculator](http://www.usinflationcalculator.com/inflation/historical-inflation-rates/)
